          MODULE=gnome-autoar
         VERSION=0.2.3
          SOURCE=$MODULE-$VERSION.tar.xz
      SOURCE_URL=$GNOME_URL/sources/$MODULE/${VERSION:0:3}/
      SOURCE_VFY=sha256:5de9db0db028cd6cab7c2fec46ba90965474ecf9cd68cfd681a6488cf1fb240a
        WEB_SITE=http://www.gnome.org
         ENTERED=20180317
         UPDATED=20180317
           SHORT="GNOME automatic archives creating and extracting library"

cat << EOF
gnome-autoar is a wrapper for libarchive.
Many things are different between the API provided by libarchive and
gnome-autoar:

gnome-autoar uses GIO for nearly all operations related to archives. Some
operations which are not supported by GIO will use POSIX functions instead if
they are available.

gnome-autoar uses GSettings to store user preferences. You can use one function
to retrive user preferences and use one object to set preferences when creating
and extracting archives. It use the "org.gnome.desktop.archives" schema ID by
default, but you can change it.

gnome-autoar will create exactly one directory or file when extracting an
archive. No file will be created outside the output directory, so users do not
have to worry about malicious archives because all absolute paths in the
archives are converted to paths relative to the output directory. The name of
the output directory or file is based on the name of the source archive. Even
if you do not notify users about the output, users can easily figure it out
themselves.

gnome-autoar will prepend a common prefix directory to all paths in the archive
if you want to archive more than one file or directory. Users who receive the
archive created by gnome-autoar can safely use commands such as bsdtar -xf to
extract it.

gnome-autoar redefines the format code and filter code which are defined by
libarchive as consecutive positive integer. It is easier for applications to
show all available options to users. Some formats and filters such as mtree and
uuencode are omitted because they are not suitable for regular use.

gnome-autoar provides functions for applications to check whether a file should
be regarded as an archive. There are whitelists stored in GSettings. Package
files such as rpm, deb, jar are not listed, so applications should know these
files should not be extracted.
EOF
